# Hotel-Cancellation-Predictor[HotelCancellationPredictor.pdf](https://github.com/camrose00/Hotel-Cancellation-Predictor/files/11102460/HotelCancellationPredictor.pdf)
Co-Creator: Maxwell Calvert
The dataset used was taken from: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/jessemostipak/hotel-booking-demand posted by Jesse Mostipak. This dataset contains information on booking information for hotels across the globe. All column information is related directly to a specific booking at a hotel, containing information such as customer type, date of booking, special requests, and myriad other data points. The dataset was created in large part for educational purposes. The original collectors specifically suggest using this data to predict cancellations, seasonality, and other various data mining/analysis ends. This dataset is based on two hotels located in Portugal, one resort hotel and one city hotel. The country associated with the booking reflects the country the customer made the booking from. The data was collected between July 2015 and August 2017 and all personally identifying information was removed. The first and most basic question we seek to answer in our data exploration is, what are the indicators that a customer will be likely to cancel a booking? Our business perspective is as a hotel manager with the desire to keep my hotel as booked as possible. If we can confidently predict whether a customer will cancel their booking, the hotel can overbook to secure more bookings and avoid booking conflicts. Further questions and possible areas for further analysis will be discussed later.
